welcome back I'm BAM what the fuck's
going on with my hands back it up good
start huh okay I can't do a spiderweb
because I need the map bike fast staff
what is it
strafing what is strafing strafing is
like when you go to the side when you
run to the side
ah man I'm that makes me excited a game
came back we're gonna explore the teepee
history of the legends of tomorrow
teammates I meant to say explore did I
say explode like fast straight feet like
faster fun game you have fast raphe and
that's a big deal true dat lucky it's
cool to hear to say the big deal it's
also literally impossible to try and
police that was the hardware is released
to the public
no no no right right one I have a
definite soft spot for the Warcraft fan
fan choice
I almost said fan choice can you believe
it no they're too far
1 I have a definite soft spot for the
Warcraft franchise having played through
hmm fucking just I her but he still
kicked ask and ask
he kicked ask I'm tired
don't worry kids Sam takes pills he's
fine still kicked ass and set it again
back it up ass ass I for one can't wait
to see what the Japan's do with it we
can't even let that go to blooper and
will they're at the tail end of 2015
oh it's L it's for bloopers guys we can
all calm the fuck down guys we can all
calm the F down back and we'll air at
the tail end of fuck me in the whoo in
the big ol asshole was too far way too
young
way too far way
you know bless you know when you wake up
and you know it's gonna be a bad week
just a slow one actually that's too
negative
just a slow week which means get ready
for some insane which means get ready
first which means get ready for me
sneeze it out oh I'm like dripping on
the sweat like just get as close as
possible and do this which means get
ready for some insane video games all
about fucking that's not the line you
wrote and boom that's it guys I'm
sweating through every you layer of
clothing I'm wearing those are all the
back stories for all the legends of
tomorrow bait mmm what if I puked blood
yeah and be scary you'd be a little
perplexed what are you talking about
dude I did boy bye bye bye bye bye
goodbye ooh
there's a real I just felt real sleepy
Alison